## Scripts to Perform Image-Generating Final Analysis

This repository stores the script files for all final data analysis and final 
supplementary data analysis that save images to the `project-alpha/images` 
directory. Many of these scripts are dependent on the data generated by the 
scripts in the `project-alpha/final/data_scripts` directory, so please run 
those scripts first. This can be done by navigating to the `final` directory 
and calling `make data`. Calling `make all` will generate all final data and 
images. 
 
- `bh_t_beta_plots.py`: Generates images for analysis of Benjamini-Hochberg 
corrected "p-values" and t-statistics and beta coefficient estimates above and 
below certain thresholds.
- `convolution_appendix_plots.py`: Generates plots for the convolution 
appendix in the paper. 
- `image_overlay.py`: Generates images for clustering. 
- `lin_reg_plots.py`: Generates plots relating to linear regression for the 
paper. 
- `normality_final.py`: Tests the assumption of normality by running a 
Shaprio-Wilks test on each voxel's residuals for each subject. 
- `parameter_selection_plots.py`: Generates the plots for tuning the 
parameters for clustering with Benjamini-Hochberg "p-values", t-statistics, 
and beta coefficients. 
- `pca_plots.py`: Generates PCA-related plots for the paper. 
- `selection_plots.py`: Generates plots related to selecting predictors for 
linear models based on AIC, BIC, and adjusted R-squared. 
- `tsa_script.py`: Fits a single voxel time course to an ARIMA process. 


